c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\IFCTree.exe.config
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\obj\Debug\IFCTree.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\obj\Debug\IFCTree.Form1.resources
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\obj\Debug\IFCTree.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\obj\Debug\IFCTree.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\IFCTree.exe
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\IFCTree.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.CobieExpress.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Common.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc2x3.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc2x3.IO.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc4.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.IO.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Tessellator.dll
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.CobieExpress.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.CobieExpress.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Common.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Common.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc.Extensions.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc2x3.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc2x3.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc2x3.IO.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc2x3.IO.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc4.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Ifc4.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.IO.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.IO.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Tessellator.pdb
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\bin\Debug\Xbim.Tessellator.xml
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\obj\Debug\IFCTree.exe
c:\users\hemam\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IFCTree\IFCTree\obj\Debug\IFCTree.pdb
